[Music]
once the biggest weekends of the yard
starting october second will see the
release of two films hrithik roshan
black bag and shahid kapoor high dose
which are as different as chalk and
cheese in terms of theme budget passed
and sensitivities hence we feel it is
unfair to compare to sleep it definitely
is not a clash of the titans not only
the tone and tenor of the films are
diverse their directors are poles apart
in the sensibilities and approach while
narrating a story in comparison to
garlic pacific islands moxie
entertainers like cell of numbers the
ant much time casinos vishal bhardwaj is
known for his penchant for literature
especially his fascination for
Shakespeare's classics has scored big
for convincingly fantastic math methods
muck pool or shallow as of farah and now
he s the duck just have this as high as
our which are you feel that the two
films are put in the same bracket only
because they're releasing on the same
shape otherwise there is not a single
common factor between them bang bang is
said to be a 180 crore film and either
is said to be a 24 pro one of course
they would need more money to create
even shorten Abu Dhabi and India fast
paced fan back which has elements like
car chase and shootout promises edge of
the scene excites
while haider set in the 90s of Kashmir
is grim and gritty as it focuses on the
human tragedy in that region when it
comes to the lead actors of the two
firms Hrithik and shy panic is also
different in Bollywood bullet riddling
all together in it differently their
budgets and costing are also different
so we shouldn't compare that also bang
bang will have more screens compared to
either if the Shah has roasted if our
car and Cebu to make the drama more
intense enough relies on the likes of
danny denzongpa and javed jaffrey to as
entertaining helluva all of us reigning
queen katrina cast as the female lead in
bang bang and rising star shraddha
kapoor will be seen opposite shine it
hide up sex for the first eerily films
with diverse teams will give a healthy
choice to the viewers to make the best
of their holiday what are you plan to
watch this weekend let us know leave a
carpet pillow it is the pre-diwali face
and before the onset of the festive
spirit Bollywood is all set to get its
best films out of its Pandora's box
Hrithik Roshan has literally pulled his
beat out friends out of their comfort
zones in the name of the band bank death